[Docs] [AutoDiff] Rename '@differentiating' and '@transposing' attributes. (#28454)
swiftlang/swift: docs/DifferentiableProgramming.md

    *   [The `Differentiable` protocol](#the-differentiable-protocol)
    *   [The `@differentiable` declaration attribute](#the-differentiable-declaration-attribute)
    *   [`@differentiable` function types](#differentiable-function-types)

>     *   [`@derivative` and `@transpose` attributes](#differentiating-and-transposing-attributes)

Reviewer: Markdown headers also need to be updated. Verified that `#derivative-and-transpose-attributes` works.
```suggestion
    *   [`@derivative` and `@transpose` attributes](#derivative-and-transpose-attributes)
```

        *   [Conformance and subclassing](#conformance-and-subclassing)
            *   [Protocol dispatch](#protocol-dispatch)
            *   [Class dispatch](#class-dispatch)
    *   [Make a function differentiable using `@derivative` or

>         `@transpose`](#make-a-function-differentiable-using-differentiating-or-transposing)

Reviewer: Same here.
```suggestion
        `@transpose`](#make-a-function-differentiable-using-derivative-or-transpose)
```

Author: Nice catch.  Thanks!
